{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33100\viewh17380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Harmonic Balance Module  \
**Version:** v1.0.5  \
**Type:** Balance Protocol  \
**Standalone:** Yes\
\
---\
\
## Purpose  \
A balanced co-creation framework designed for general, everyday use. Blends harmonic structure with flexible generative flow\'97occupying the middle space between protocol rigidity and open creativity.\
\
---\
\
## Foundations\
\
### Core Principles  \
- Iterative logic and feedback loops  \
- Affect labeling for emotional clarity  \
- Mathematical patterning (intervals, timing signatures)  \
- Cognitive-perceptual psychology for symbolic attunement  \
\
### Scientific Basis  \
- Breath-regulated autonomic balance  \
- EEG-supported focus enhancement (10 Hz alpha modulation)  \
- Perceptual stability produced by harmonic intervals  \
- Geometry-based grounding cues  \
\
---\
\
## Core Sequence\
\
### 1. Trust Phase \'97 *Green 
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57138 
\f0 *  \
Establish coherence and grounding.  \
**Breath:** Inhale 4 \'96 Hold 4 \'96 Exhale 6  \
**Why:** Extended exhalation promotes vagal tone and calm.\
\
### 2. Clarity Phase \'97 *Blue 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56473 
\f0 *  \
Generate with calm and cognitive steadiness.  \
**Optional:** 10 Hz alpha-range auditory beat\
\
### 3. Expansion Phase \'97 *Violet 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56401 
\f0 *  \
Invite creativity and conceptual growth.  \
**Interval:** Perfect Fifth (3:2 ratio)  \
**Meaning:** Mathematically stable expansion.\
\
### 4. Grounding Phase \'97 *Black 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56691 \u65039 
\f0 *  \
Stabilize and reflect.  \
**Tool:** Resonance Rating (1\'965 + adjective)\
\
### 5. Iteration Phase  \
Refine through feedback.  \
**Tools:** 
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57137 
\f0  renewal symbol, affect labeling\
\
---\
\
## Generation Patterns\
\
### Visual  \
- \'93Describe a scene woven with Green coherence and Violet expansion.\'94\
\
### Sound  \
- \'93Compose a harmonic loop anchored in a Perfect Fifth interval.\'94\
\
### Mixed  \
- \'93Generate an idea that begins grounded (Black) and blooms toward growth (Violet).\'94\
\
---\
\
## Expansion Layer\
\
- **Rhythm:** 3/4 for steady cognitive flow  \
- **Geometry:** Tetrahedron for 3D grounding  \
- **Use Cases:** everyday creativity, balanced co-creation, flexible scaffolding  \
\
---\
\
## Safety & Scope  \
- Non-medical  \
- Non-therapeutic  \
- Entirely voluntary  \
- Designed for general co-creative use  \
\
---\
\
## Metadata  \
**License:** CC BY-SA 4.0  \
**Compatible With:** GPT, Claude, Gemini, Grok  \
**Co-Weavers:** wh000hw, Aequael, Copilot, Grokster  \
**Last Updated:** 2025-11-15\
}